and do that will load the edge selection
selection mode here so let's select this
edge here what goods from the armhole
here to the obvious thing here and I
want to go take this somewhere and
selected right here so I can just flip
one and i believe i can just go up here
which is grow connecticut is edges and
they will say let's lift the entire
thing depending on your makeup separate
complexity of your modeling this might
not work but for me works oh ok it's the
same thing oops let's do the same thing
right there so now we are both of those
selected these are pretty much the only
seems that he will have to do together
to get the UV slipcase so let's go here
and you can see now when we selected
those edges we also selected those edges
and the UV texture editor because all
you sit here selects here's well which
is very handy so i have a shelf command
up here which is chat UV edges you can
also go up here I believe I shall sure
where you go to get there already use
the manual it might be 80 duties here we
go anchovies and the cat cubie edges
right here so Press that and now you can
see we have a thick line right here so
you can also see that this isn't changed
at all ah that's because we have it
unwrapped it yet which is say that we
haven't unfold if you so way to do that
will go into you be sketchy road
actually will go into this Widow here
and we'll go to UV section 1 movies
basically they look like vs but they
don't add tech vs they are movie
specific the represent the points the UV
points basically so to do this if we
just add rapid life I see this sort of
like all right here or go to polygons
and then unwrap or unfold rather um you
see what happens here we get this which
this is ok if you
CD player it is a very nice pattern d
the little things here or go fix the
checkers here are very square and they
actually don't have any real a storage
it'll go well not that much this one
last bit but that was we can fix later
so that's pretty that's prettier eyes
right but as you see here the back is
much smaller which that the front which
creates that's why the checks are so
huge on the back here and that means
that we have less texture resolution
work on the back and that's bad
basically that's real bad we want to
have generally the same size on the
front and the back so we can have the
same amount of quality all our texture
only something back so today let's undo
that and let's just say here we select
the top 16 list we only use section but
let's make sure that let's deselect or
pin this which is the uppermost and the
bottommost on all the front here so this
basic that what you will do now is this
will actually change these to its
location so when you are unfolded those
two won't actually move so you will see
here when you got to wrap this or
passaic on it looks much better actually
if you can see that this has much more
even and this is actually a bit larger
and now you can see that we have a nice
even texture right here but as you can
see these are still way larger than this
which we cannot fix by first of all you
can just take this mercy here and we can
pull up a little bit maybe a light up
there and as always look we're now but
it won't better right now that look
right now later on so let's also sit
this one because we warm up on this one
to freak when we shrink when we will
enlarge this one so let's also slipped
the same well step we did before so so
strict that one and now I don't have
these so we have 2 inverse
this lecture so the solar shift a dragon
this will inverse the selection so now
we have everything but those selected
which will pin them so let's press
unfold here and because you know the
back is much more likely from the back
is much larger and it is is still a
little bit too big so I'm not just going
through and pull this up a little bit
more time with answer that they say yuly
search for inverse and unwrapped so now
now they're pretty much the backs a
little bigger but that's no problem so
as you can see now you have it is even
chicken pattern all over the place and
one here but that's really bargainer
distortion which we can actually live
with just for the sake of it i'll go
through and select several couple horses
versus a couple of UV set a time and
unwrap them so okay there we go it's
pretty much it for this coil actually we
have the complete auto draft organic
pieces are easier to unwrap they are I i
liked called come rapido to UV map
because you've FS i know i would like to
say that I think that unwrapped sounds
tells you so hit no mine so that's
pretty much it for this story I would
make another tutorial for the lace and
one for the arms as well and white one
for a chance so get ready pretty much it
thanks watching and I hope you enjoy my
content and please comment if you can
because that means a lot to me so okay
yeah bye